now we are told that Iran is an enormous
danger to this country they might be
developing nuclear weapons in fact look
at the American press describe watch Ron
is changing its game plan Iran could now
be more willing to attack the u.s. at
home and abroad Iran may be more ready
than ever to launch terror attacks
inside the United States there's a good
chance that this Persian Gulf region
could explode within a matter of months
US officials warned however that Iran's
massive stockpile of ballistic missiles
is the more serious threat Iran is well
capable of producing enough highly
enriched uranium for weapon
how alarming is this report from mr.
clapper it is alarming because this is
the newest threat facing the US the US
Navy's fitfully would be the world's
first line of defense they're prepared
to take on just about anything or on
throws at the well you can't beat the US
media for propaganda if you watch that
day in and day out you think oh my god
or wrong with their nukes out there such
in danger they've got those missiles in
there working on programs they're in lab
coats oh my god Ron is coming so you
know what here's a problem we have uh
facts on the show we present them to you
and it's a real big problem if you're
trying to do propaganda because listen
to look at the world map here and see
who actually has nuclear weapons well
look at that Russia has a ton of 10,000
US has 8,500 is there let's look at the
countries in the Middle East we look at
that Israel appears to have 80 ha that's
a lot of nuclear weapons China of course
France UK etcetera India Pakistan
they've got a lot of nukes there I
wonder what's missing now let's take a
look at the second map oh that's right
Iran there it is with zero it doesn't
have any news but yet when you look at
the US media they're saying out of all
those countries which one is a nuclear
problem Iran is not the countries with
the nuclear weapons they're not a
problem at all but the country that
doesn't have one all my god Iran at any
point could think about maybe having a
nuclear weapon many many years from you
see how propaganda works
now one of the countries that on the map
there's North Korea they have up to 10
nuclear weapons and they got him during
the Bush administration while we were
attacking Iraq that had no weapons of
mass destruction whatsoever so why did
we attack Iraq and why are we
threatening to attack Iran when they
don't have any nukes fact Iraq didn't
have any weapons of mass destruction
when North Korea was developing them at
the same exact time now there are many
reasons for that one of which is there
ain't nothing in North Korea okay what
do you do when you get when you win in
North Korea
not much there's no oil in North Korea
right and also of course North Korea is
nowhere near Israel by the way when they
talk about oh my god a Ron might have
nukes in the Middle East and if there's
nukes in the Middle East and there would
be of course all other countries would
want to get nukes and there would be
more proliferation but there is a
country in the Middle East with nukes
its Israel but no mention of that
fascinating how propaganda works so when
you want to invade a country all the
sudden there's this great danger when
it's not backed up by the facts but if
you don't want to touch a country
because they're your allies like India
Israel to some degree Pakistan or
they're not your allies like North Korea
but who cares about them well then all
of a sudden nothing about them in the
news at all okay those are the real
facts